(AAA) Update wording on GovCloud support page (#36955)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/guide/manage-your-support-tickets.md

## Create a support ticket

> To create a new support ticket, navigate to the [Datadog support site](https://help.datadoghq.com/). At the bottom of the page, click **Create a New Ticket** to fill out a ticket form.

Reviewer: Note we need to update all of the in-line markdown links to be reference-style links. For example, this should be [Datadog support site][1] and then put [1]: https://help.datadoghq.com/ at the bottom of the page.

1. To view your entire organization's tickets, submit a request to Datadog support.

## Password requirements

To help ensure the security of your account, any password used to sign in to Datadog's Zendesk support portal must meet the following requirements:

1. Password complexity:
   - Must include at least **12 characters**.
   - Must contain **uppercase and lowercase letters (A-Z)**.
   - Must include at least **one number (0-9)**.
   - Must include at least **one special character** (for example, `!`, `@`, `#`, or `%`).
   - Must **not resemble an email address**.
   - Must **not include the word "Zendesk"**.
1. Failed attempts and lockout:
   - Users are allowed a maximum of **5 attempts** before the account is locked out temporarily.
1. Prohibited sequences:
   - Passwords cannot include more than a specified number of consecutive letters or numbers. For instance, if the limit is set to 4, the system rejects passwords like `admin12345`.
1. Previous passwords:
   - Users cannot reuse a certain number of their previously used passwords.
1. Expiration policy:

>    - Passwords must be updated at least **every 90 days**, or whenever prompted by the system.

Reviewer: I'd recommend making these an unordered list (bullets) instead of numbers. That just makes it more clear up front these are not steps to follow.

If your browser has ad-blockers, turn them off to see if this allows you to sign in. Some ad-blockers have their own list of exceptions. In this case, add **datadog.zendesk.com** to the allow list.

### Ticket is no longer available

Datadog deletes closed tickets, including their attachments, 15 months after their last update.

If you need help with a related issue, you can open a new ticket or search the Datadog documentation.

{{% /site-region %}}

{{% site-region region="gov,gov2" %}}

## Prerequisites

To receive registration verification codes, password reset emails, and case notification emails, add the `ddog-gov.com` domain to your email allowlist. This includes `help@ddog-gov.com` and `support@ddog-gov.com`.

## Register on the portal

If you are a first-time user, follow these steps to register an account:

1. Navigate to [the Datadog GovCloud support portal](https://govsupport.ddog-gov.com).
1. Click **Sign Up**.
1. Complete the registration form using the email address associated with your existing GovCloud Datadog account. Keep this page open.

> 1. In a separate location, access your email account. Open the verification email from `help@ddog-gov.com` and copy the verification code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a separate browser tab, access your email account. Open the verification email from `help@ddog-gov.com` and copy the verification code.
```
I think the old wording was more actionable and explicit.
